hi everyone i know there's no intro but
i'm going to be starting off as my Urban
Decay primer potion which is like my
favorite and I'm going to apply that
from my lid up to my brow bone which i
already did off camera I'm then going to
take my Pro matte eyeshadow which is a
limited edition eyeshadow by Mac and I
just took the white flower portion with
my 252 brush and apply that as my
highlight color so I'm just sweeping it
under my brow and then slowly dragging
it down and excuse the voiceover this is
like the first time that I'm doing it so
but please bear with me okay I'm now
going to take my 224 brush by Mac and
take rule eyeshadow which is just an
earthy matte orange color and I'm just
going to blend that in on the mid
section of my eye going back and forth
windshield wiper motion and circular
motions just blending the highlight
color and the roar i shadow so there's
no harsh lines and I was fixing my
lighting it's going to turn it off or
better lighting but I can't see you
always do my makeup so I'm just blending
that out and then going to take my 239
brush by Mac and I'm going to take the
pink flower portion of the Pro matte
eyeshadow and I'm just going to pop that
on dab it on my brush make sure I have a
good amount and then I'm going to take
my fix Bray 6 plus spray and you can use
anything else whether visine mixing
medium I just like using my fixed plus
because it's handy and it does a pretty
good job for making the eyeshadow um
pretty vibrant and intense since the Pro
matte eyeshadow it's not intense without
it getting wet or
foiling the color so I had to let the
eye shadow and then I'm just packing
more of the pink color onto the wet eye
shadows so that it will be vibrant and
it won't crease because if it's filed
and you don't apply a good amount of dry
eye shadow on top it's done tend to
crease so I just apply a layer of dry
eye shadow that makes sense so that
it'll stay put so then I'm going to take
my 217 brush by Mac which is my favorite
blending brush it also packed on a lot
of color I'm going to be taking shadowy
lady eyeshadow which is just more of a
deep dark purple eyeshadow one of my
favorites and I'm trying to focus so you
guys can read it and then I'm just going
to apply this on my crease as you can
tell I didn't bring the pink eyeshadow
all over the lid I just put it maybe um
more than halfway and left a little room
to add the crease color because if you
put it all over the pink intensity which
is like frosty will reflect over the
shadowy lady eyeshadow and it's not
going to look Matt so you'll want to
leave the room especially if you're
dealing with dark colors and you want
the texture or the finish to be mad so
then I'm bringing it in just a little
bit going windshield wiper motions and
circular motions and as you can see I'm
working it just little by little
building the color it's better to build
the color little by little than making
it super intense and you're just trying
to blend it out it's harder that way and
your color won't be as vibrant compared
to it bringing it in blending it in
circular motions and slowly adding color
little by little so this is like the
longest technique for this look blending
is key
and I'm being very patient just building
that color in that's why it's taking
forever to just build that color and
just putting it in place I'm not
bringing it up I'm just bringing it up
below the role I shadow now I'm going to
take the same 217 brush by mag and take
graphology which is just a little bit
more blue has more of a blue undertone
it's still purple still a purple
eyeshadow but it's just more blue
justit's head warm and then I'm just
going to intensify my crease and apply
that color right below the shadowy lady
and just give you my crease more depth
so I'm just going to apply it on the
outer crease not bringing it in as much
as I did with the shadowy lady eyeshadow
so again circular motions and windshield
wiper motions okay so i took my Kirkland
England brush and took graphology I
shadow and I just applied that for the
lower lash line now I'm almost done
because I'm super late for work but I
just filled in my eye my eye brows with
cork I shadow and applied blackstrap
fluid line with my 266 mag brush it's
not shown here but I apply that and that
basically concludes the look without
blush or lipstick but eyes are dead so
she look like that okay everyone excuse
me so I ran out of time because I was
super like running late for work and I
really wanted to do a video I know it's
silenced and I'm um over voicing it or
moist to court or whatever that
technical term is um voiceover I did not
tell you guys what I had on my lips
my cheeks so I'm going to tell you guys
right now but it's the same thing as
mentioned in my other video my face of
the day an outfit of the day with the
same look it's just a harmony blush by
mac warm soul mineralized blush by mac
and then for the lips i'm using the all
ages all races all sexes or something
like that collection and the lipstick is
called myself and then for on top i'm
using the lip gloss that came with the
same collection called glamour for all
and yeah that was about it and then for
my face i just put um studio fix powder
and finished it with some studio fix no
not studio fix fix plus so sorry the
video got caught cut off i was running
late and um yeah yeah but i do hope you
guys liked the tutorial let me know if
you like them sped up or voice over or
just the regular ones that i do um yeah
so i'll talk to you guys later bye
you